welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to revisit a
classic and mutant redneck savagery with
the wes craven original the hills have
eyes
if you've ever lived to regret
abandoning your mutant children in the
desert
you're probably not in a good position
to subscribe right now but when you can
go for it let's get to it
we open on a quaint little town
comprised solely of a service station
here we find sunny jim packing up all
his earthly belongings in preparation
for skipping town
ruby arrives to see if she can swap out
some stolen goods in exchange for food
because her clan is hungry but he's all
out of trading stock and no longer
desires to support their desert pirate
lifestyle seeing an opportunity for a
new life free of violence and thievery
she
begs to come along you stink like a
horse but he's unconvinced that she'll
blend into polite society as easily as
he
all final decisions are put on hold
however when a group of customers
arrive unexpectedly fred agrees to one
last phillip as they all
file out and stretch their legs he
learns this mixed family is on their way
to california but are hoping to swing
through the nearby silver mine along the
way and hopefully pick themselves up a
couple of nuggets
fred warns them off confirming the mine
is all dried out and they'd be better
served continuing on their way and
sticking to the main roads
the family finishes their business and
continues on unfortunately their
patronage which nets fred a cool
seven dollars also delays him long
enough for someone to set an explosive
in his truck
resulting in it getting blowed up back
on the road big bob is used to doing
things his own way and declines to take
no for an answer
thinking the warnings were a ploy for
fred to keep all the remaining precious
silver for himself
he forges on he's so domineering that he
also shuts his whole family the hell up
when they start freaking out about the
map indicating they're entering an air
force test site
but he's unable to ignore the low-flying
fighter jets and this revelation
sets old bob to accelerate into the
point where he loses control of the
wagon and runs them aground
with another opportunity now to stretch
their legs little bobby
faces brenda before running off and
pulling a flipsy doo
like a proper [ __ ] and then big bob
acts like a big [ __ ]
and throws a massive fit as he assesses
the damage we see that they're being
watched and with a broken axle it
appears they're in for a long walk
they decide that doug will head north
while big bob heads back to the station
little bobby is tasked with hanging back
and keeping the women in line
with his gat then they circle up for a
quick prayer and to ensure their travels
are covered in jesus blood
at the rv they set up a dinner table
while beauty goes nuts over an
unseen danger this makes them all
nostalgic about that one time
beast kills some old lady's poodle and
they all laugh about it then dumb ass
brenda lets her loose and she
instantly tears off toward the rocks
where we hear a voice coaxing her
further
bobby gives chase and eventually hears
her squeals of distress off yonder he
climbs until he finds her carcass but
he's shoot off by a figure in the brush
and ends up taking a tumble on the way
back figuring this may be their chance
to be free of him none of the ladies
apparently bothered to go find him
instead focusing on trying to raise some
help on the cb
they were hoping to perhaps reach a
helpful trucker but they seem to get a
perverted trucker instead as the only
response is some heavy breathing when
lin goes out to check on brendo we see
that she's taken beast to go find bobby
and he eventually emerges from the
darkness
sullen about his failure he heads back
without a word meanwhile big bob has
made it back to the station he finds a
truck in ruins and the phone not working
using all of his experience from his
time on the force he sneaks back quietly
and just
barely dodges a bullet before returning
fire when he opens the door he finds old
fred changing a light bulb in the
subsequent conversation
fred regales him with the sad story of
his freako son
who when he was born came out sideways
huge and hairy as a monkey as he got
older they found him prone to setting
fires and killing animals and after
losing his house and family in a
deliberately set
fire fred took the boy out to the desert
and left him for dead but instead of
dying he grew strong
stole himself a hooker and started
raising a family of renegade mutants
bob is naturally incredulous but before
fred can try to convince him further a
renegade mutant busts through the window
and scratches him providing all the
necessary convincing when bob goes out
to investigate the matter all he finds
is fred's body now divorced from his
soul
back at the trailer they compare notes
and begin to get the creeping suspicion
that
something may be wrong and then a noise
draws bobby out and he discovers that
beast is missing
as he makes this discovery we see bob
doing his best to get back to his family
despite his enlarged heart which
sounds like a positive character trait
but is actually a serious medical
condition when he goes down papa jupiter
reveals himself and lets this kin know
they're almost ready as they make the
final preparations doug arrives back at
the campsite
he didn't find help but he did run
across a defunct junkyard and just look
at all this sweet cord
as they wait for scrap we find ruby back
at the cave conflicted about eating
beauty
while listening to the sorrowful howls
of beast and she hopes mama will
reconsider and let her back in soon
and meanwhile out in a field somewhere
bob is getting pinned to a tree
as the rest of them wind down for the
evening the things bobby's seen are
weighing on him and he tries to convince
doug not to spend the night in the wagon
but he refuses to express his concerns
in front of the ladies
and doug has some wild oats to sew so
when lynn walks into the room it
basically assures that they're in for a
rough night
but doug at least gets to practice his
trade as a master cocksman while
distracted with this pluto sneaks in to
siphon their gasoline
bobby hops out for a little fresh air
and hears beast whining in the distance
so he naruto runs in that direction but
then he hears a series of additional
farm animal noises and gets scared off
upon his return he finds the rv locked
and is unaware that it's now in pluto's
custody he keeps his eyes closed tight
and goes to knock on the window so he
can acquire a backup set of keys from
doug
once they're unencumbered by their
nudity bobby comes clean and tells them
about the strange happenings of the
evening
and otherwise acts his absolute nards
off they go back to the rv together and
right as they hit the door pluto gives
the high sign
setting off a distraction nearby that
results in big bobs screaming into the
night sky
the family finds him burning on the
cross and they work to douse him as
pluto and mars take control of the rv
they eat and drink their fill but must
be doing okay because mars only finds it
necessary to retain
approximately 50 percent of the bounty
inside his mouth
they then have a dispute about who gets
brenda and hoping that she'll decide to
proactively choose one of them
mars attempts a compliment
well that's inappropriate back out in
the field they get bob off the cross and
split up the ladies to get water and
blankets and bobby to go find the
assailants and bring them to justice but
back at the rv they find mars attempting
to steal the baby resulting in a
struggle
ethel brought a broom to a gunfight and
gets shot predictably brenda then slides
a knife toward lin so she can do the
dirty work and she manages to slide it
into his thigh despite taking two shots
herself
but then the fellas arrive and with no
more ammo they're forced to run
doug assesses the damage and realizes
they've made off with his baby so he
runs off to scream into the darkness
and despite that they don't even bother
to bring her back the scuzzies have a
bit of a mixed bag of outcomes here as
they celebrate over the radio with their
brother mercury
but right after beast comes up and helps
him pull a triple gator
face first into a rock and then he takes
off with his radio while they'll agree
back at the campsite that it's good fun
eating babies
there is some concern about mercury's
absence and jupiter wonders if they did
a sufficiently good job of killing
everyone as he instructed back at the rv
with the survivors in shock a noise
outside causes bobby to fire on the door
after
carefully opening it they find the
chatter coming from a radio which it
appears may have been dropped by beast
they listen and learn that pluto has
gone to check on mercury and has
discovered that his dive
created a bigger splash than intended
which sets jupiter into a rage he
vows revenge to bob's carcass which
they're currently consuming
so he's kind of already won i'd think
but the loss
does seem to prevent them from taking
any real pleasure and eating out this
old man
at dawn's first light we see doug and
beast roaming the rocky terrain and
crossing paths with two of their
assailants back at the rv they finally
raised someone on the radio
and after detailing their defensive
capabilities to this stranger we learned
this was just a ruse
and it was the hillbillies the whole
time outsmarting their prey to pile on
the ineptitude in order to call out
bobby had to switch his channel which
means he doesn't hear doug's warnings
but regardless brenda is struck by an
idea and we see the two begin to unspool
the cable while jupiter and pluto trudge
along the washout toward them
beast pursues them and waits for an
opportune moment at which point he
pounces on pluto to nibble on him before
running off
leaving his achilles tendon absolutely
shredded as a result jupiter puts out
the call to kill the baby which is
picked up by doug on the radio sending
him into a murderous rage
ruby's still not comfortable with the
overall plan brings the baby to mars and
it's revealed that she pulled the old
pig swap on him leaving him to look a
fool as she betrays them by running off
to meet up with doug the normie
meanwhile we observe
phase two of brenda's big plan which
involves putting mama in a lawn chair as
they set up we see that jupiter
continued on
refusing to let pluto slow him down as a
result beast has returned and again
picks a prime spot to jump in on him
this time squeezing his jugular until
rendered dead
with him out of the way the pair just
have to worry about jupiter who's busy
pondering the dead woman he's run across
in the desert this initiates phase three
fire up the wagon to drag jupiter by his
feet and discourage him a little bit
this turns out to be the feeling point
of the grand plan because when the cable
snaps he seems to be more encouraged
about completing the task of murdering
them slowly so they fall back through
the rv where we see they've rigged up a
propane tank to explode if he opens the
door they then hide in the washout
nervous about whether or not he'll take
the bait the rv does explode but wise
bobby wants to make sure they got him
jupiter seems to have been caught up in
the explosion but is still capable of
attacking them so brenda runs up and
puts a tomahawk in his back while bobby
releases his last two bullets into his
front
now we're down to a final battle of
wills and brawn out in the wilderness
between two men about the business of a
stolen baby
doug hulks out busting mars with some
rocks and nimbly galloping about the
folds and crevices
ruby attempts to help with a distraction
but then katie starts crying in the
distance
giving away her position when mars turns
his attention to her doug goes wild
style on him
flailing and screaming and fingering his
moist leg flap
the whole time doug is very nearly dying
ruby is off practicing her snake
charming skills which comes in clutch
when she successfully transplants a
dangerous rattler onto mars neck
allowing doug to finish the job
violently thus
earning the right to keep his daughter
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
huge thanks to my donors memorialized in
the hall of head shots
the hills have eyes is an early west
craven classic it definitely bumped up
close
to certain lines that were considered
salacious at the time
but are fairly common conversational
topics in modernity such as eating
babies if you enjoyed the video i'd love
to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching